# SBIE2306


**Message:** SBIE2306 Could not locate user directory: _[[ntstatus](NtStatusCodes) / yy]_

**Logged To:** [Popup Message Log](PopupMessageLog).

**Explanation:**


**13 April 2010:**  
You may see this error message after installing Windows Update KB979683 on your **Windows XP** or **Windows 2000** computer. To resolve the problem, please install Sandboxie version 3.4402\. [Download Sandboxie](DownloadSandboxie).  

**August 2010:**  
A similar problem occurs after installing Windows Update KB981852 on your **Windows XP** computer. To resolve the problem, please install Sandboxie version 3.49 or later.

**February 2011:**  
A similar problem occurs after installing Windows Update KB2393802 on your **Windows XP** computer. To resolve the problem, please install Sandboxie version 3.51 or later.

**December 2011:**  
A similar problem occurs after installing Windows Update KB2633171 on your **Windows XP** computer. To resolve the problem, please install Sandboxie version 3.63 or later.


Sandboxie attempts to enhance the portability of the sandbox by storing personal (also known as "user profile") files in a folder that has a generic name rather than a specific one.

For example, instead of storing files in
```
	\sandbox\drive\c\Documents and Settings\joe\My Documents
```

Sandboxie prefers to store files in
```
	\sandbox\drive\c\user\current\My Documents
```

This means you can use the same sandbox with some other user account or even some other computer.

This message indicates that Sandboxie failed to find the user profile folder, and does not know which folder to associate with the sandbox folder _user\current_.
